in this video i want to talk about what
i consider the ultimate swing trading
strategy
for beginners now you don't have to be a
beginner to use this strategy i still
use it quite often a swing trade is
usually a trade overnight or over
multiple days or weeks it can even be
months depending on the technical
analysis that you use and it's usually
technical analysis that you'll implement
for swing trades now for the spy t-swing
trade we just use the up or down signals
that spy tomorrow gives us but you can
also use the macd you can use
moving averages there are a number of
money flow situations you could consider
supply demand may be an option for you
there are a number of approaches that
are rather popular today
that you can use for swing trades
now the one that i recommend is spy t
because it's a good way to learn because
it's overnight now eventually you may
develop other strategies that are longer
term
but i like the overnight element because
one it gets you out of day trading
because day trading is so tough doesn't
mean you can't make money day trading
but it gets very emotional and a lot of
times people will cut their profits
short and let their losses run where
when you do the swing trading
methodologies
you you take less of that emotion ouch
at least in between the points in time
in which you would buy and sell and
that's really important you put on the
buy usually at the end of the day and
you sell in the morning
and what i recommend for beginners
specifically
is that maybe you consider what we have
as a confidence level if you're a member
of say spy tomorrow you don't have to be
but if you don't have a lot of
confidence i would recommend just a
confidence level of one if you're part
of spy tomorrow you have access to the
spy confidence levels from 1 to 27 it
usually doesn't get much higher than 20.
once you understand or have confidence
in your signals you can use different
position sizes based on the strength of
the signal which can be very helpful
a good position size may be one percent
or two percent of your portfolio maybe
five or ten percent of the portfolio
depending how aggressive you are i have
methodologies that are even much higher
than that but if you go higher than that
you might want to have some insurance in
other words if you're buying options for
example if you buy spy options
you may want to buy
two if the signal says the market's
going up and it's going to be up the
next morning you may want to buy two
calls and one put maybe representing one
third of the overall buy that way
if it goes up you're going to cap some
of your profit it won't be as high as if
you just went directional however if it
goes down or crashes you could break
even or even end up with a little extra
money maybe it drops down in the
beginning and you can sell your put and
then it goes back up and you can sell
your call and you can make even more
money that way so you have
multiple directions in which you can
profit or at least save yourself from a
deep loss or as deep as it could have
been if everything crashes when you're
expecting the market to go up and well
it went down so what i'm getting at is
if you're a beginner definitely make
sure that you're protecting yourself in
some way of course there are many ways
in which you can approach different
signals you can buy calls you can sell
calls you can sell combinations of both
buying and selling and there are many
complex methods in which you can go
about it however in the beginning you
should keep it simple because sometimes
those trades can take some doing to
unwind and you want to make sure you
really understand what you need to do
so keep it simple maybe do a directional
trade but if you do it make it small if
you make a little bit bigger trade make
sure you have a little insurance and if
it says it's going to be down tomorrow
whatever your signal may be then make
sure you buy a call too and that way if
it does go up you won't lose as much
money so let me know what you think what
is the ultimate swing trade for
beginners for you let me see it in the
comments below
you